feat: Adds udf regexp_split_to_array (#5501)
confluentinc/ksql: docs/developer-guide/ksqldb-reference/scalar-functions.md

For example, `REGEXP_EXTRACT("(.*) (.*)", 'hello there', 2)`
returns "there".

### `REGEXP_SPLIT`

```sql
REGEXP_SPLIT(col1, 'a.b+')
```

Splits a string into an array of substrings based
on a regular expression. If there is no match,

> then the original string is returned as the only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the original string is returned as the only
```

element in the array. If the regular expression is empty,
then all characters in the string are split.

> If either, string or regular expression, are NULL, then a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If either the string or the regular expression is `NULL`, a
```

NULL value is returned.

If the regular expression is found at the beginning or end
of the string, or there are contiguous delimiters,

> then an empty space is added to the array.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
then an empty element is added to the array.
```
???

> then an empty space is added to the array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
an empty space is added to the array.
```
